Improve rate-limiting doc (#6277)
containous/traefik: docs/configuration/commons.md

```

In the above example, frontend1 is configured to limit requests by the client's ip address.  
A sustained rate of 100 requests every 10 seconds (10 req/s) is allowed for rateset1, and 5 requests every 3 seconds (~1.67 req/s) for rateset2.  
In addition, these can "burst" up to 200 and 10 in each period respectively.

> Another way to see the above parameters, is along the [leaky bucket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leaky_bucket) analogy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to describe the above parameters, is to use the [leaky bucket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leaky_bucket) analogy:
```

for rateset1, the size of the bucket is 200 drops, and it is leaking at a rate of 10 drop/s.
If the incoming rate of drops falling into the bucket gets high enough that the bucket gets filled,

> any subsequent drop overflows out of the bucket (i.e. discarded request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any subsequent drop overflows out of the bucket (i.e. the request is discarded).
```

> That situation holds until the incoming rate gets low enough again for the water level in the bucket to go down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This situation holds until the incoming rate remains low enough for the water level in the bucket to go down.
```

Author: hmm I don't think "remains" works here. we're in the state where the incoming rate is too high (requests are getting discarded), and this sentence describes how we're getting back to a state where the incoming rate is lower than what we allow in.

Reviewer: The idea being that just not sending requests for a millisencond will not set the rate to 0, and allow all requests.

The incoming rate has to remain low enough for long enough that the bucket stops overflowing.

Author: how about the new wording I edited your suggestion into?

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

Author: @dtomcej cool. suggestion committed.
